# 0.11 Release Notes

### Unit Test Results

https://bamboo.ihmc.us/browse/LIBS-IHMCOPENROBOTICSSOFTWAREFAST-400

3,046 tests in total
1 test failed
20 tests were skipped
311 minutes taken in total.

Failing test: VisibilityGraphsFrameworkTest.testDatasetsWithoutOcclusion

### Atlas Hardware Test

Log video: https://youtu.be/rq6zIrvAts4

*** NOTE: The user interface referred to is proprietary software. Please contact IHMC for a license.

- Robot starts correctly and arm, chest, and head move to their default configurations.
- LIDAR works in the user interface.
- REA works and planar regions show up in the user interface.
- Flat ground walking works well consistently without shaking.
   * Turn in place
   * Walk forwards
   * Walk backwards
   * Walk sideways
- Chest and head motions can be commanded from the user interface.
- Arm motions can be commanded from the user interface and arm home options in the interface work as expected.
- **Hands not working**
- Pelvis motions can be commanded from the user interfaces and the center of mass height slider works.
- Foot motions in the air can be commanded from the user interface.
   * **~1.5 Hz oscillation during single support**
- The robot can run through the final tab motions: Running Man, Karate Kid 1, and Karate Kid 2 repeatedly without falling.
   * **Falls over when changing too quickly**
- The robot can reach an object on the ground using the whole body IK from the user interface (F9).
- When the robot executes a step, the footstep reaches the position specified in the user interface without offset.
- The robot can walk over the sand test bed.
- The robot can walk over simple cinders using the planar regions module with a rough terrain footstep planner.
- The robot can walk over slanted conders when operated by a human.

### Valkyrie Hardware Test

The Valkyrie hardware platform is not supported in this release.
